# People marked here will be automatically requested for a review
# when the code that they own is touched.
# https://github.com/blog/2392-introducing-code-owners

# Home Assistant Core
setup.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/*.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/helpers/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/util/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/api/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/auth/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/automation/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/cloud/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/config/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/configurator/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/conversation/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/frontend/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/group/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/history/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/http/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/input_*.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/introduction/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/logger/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/lovelace/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/mqtt/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/panel_custom/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/panel_iframe/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/onboarding/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/persistent_notification/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/scene/__init__.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/scene/hass.py @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/script/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/shell_command/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/sun/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/updater/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/weblink/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/websocket_api/* @home-assistant/core
homeassistant/components/zone/* @home-assistant/core

# Home Assistant Developer Teams
Dockerfile @home-assistant/docker
virtualization/Docker/* @home-assistant/docker

homeassistant/components/zwave/* @home-assistant/z-wave
homeassistant/components/*/zwave.py @home-assistant/z-wave

homeassistant/components/hassio/* @home-assistant/hassio

# Individual platforms
homeassistant/components/alarm_control_panel/egardia.py @jeroenterheerdt
homeassistant/components/alarm_control_panel/manual_mqtt.py @colinodell
homeassistant/components/binary_sensor/hikvision.py @mezz64
homeassistant/components/binary_sensor/threshold.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/binary_sensor/uptimerobot.py @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/camera/yi.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/climate/coolmaster.py @OnFreund
homeassistant/components/climate/ephember.py @ttroy50
homeassistant/components/climate/eq3btsmart.py @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/climate/mill.py @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/climate/sensibo.py @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/cover/brunt.py @eavanvalkenburg
homeassistant/components/cover/group.py @cdce8p
homeassistant/components/cover/template.py @PhracturedBlue
homeassistant/components/device_tracker/asuswrt.py @kennedyshead
homeassistant/components/device_tracker/automatic.py @armills
homeassistant/components/device_tracker/huawei_router.py @abmantis
homeassistant/components/device_tracker/quantum_gateway.py @cisasteelersfan
homeassistant/components/device_tracker/tile.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/device_tracker/traccar.py @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/device_tracker/bt_smarthub.py @jxwolstenholme
homeassistant/components/history_graph/* @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/influx/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/light/lifx_legacy.py @amelchio
homeassistant/components/light/tplink.py @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/light/yeelight.py @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/light/yeelightsunflower.py @lindsaymarkward
homeassistant/components/lock/nello.py @pschmitt
homeassistant/components/lock/nuki.py @pschmitt
homeassistant/components/media_player/emby.py @mezz64
homeassistant/components/media_player/kodi.py @armills
homeassistant/components/media_player/liveboxplaytv.py @pschmitt
homeassistant/components/media_player/mediaroom.py @dgomes
homeassistant/components/media_player/monoprice.py @etsinko
homeassistant/components/media_player/mpd.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/media_player/sonos.py @amelchio
homeassistant/components/media_player/xiaomi_tv.py @fattdev
homeassistant/components/media_player/yamaha_musiccast.py @jalmeroth
homeassistant/components/no_ip/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/notify/file.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/notify/flock.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/notify/instapush.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/notify/mastodon.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/notify/smtp.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/notify/syslog.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/notify/xmpp.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/notify/yessssms.py @flowolf
homeassistant/components/plant/* @ChristianKuehnel
homeassistant/components/remote/harmony.py @ehendrix23
homeassistant/components/scene/lifx_cloud.py @amelchio
homeassistant/components/sensor/airvisual.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/sensor/alpha_vantage.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/bitcoin.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/cpuspeed.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/cups.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/darksky.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/file.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/filter.py @dgomes
homeassistant/components/sensor/fixer.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/flunearyou.py.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/sensor/gearbest.py @HerrHofrat
homeassistant/components/sensor/gitter.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/glances.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/gpsd.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/irish_rail_transport.py @ttroy50
homeassistant/components/sensor/jewish_calendar.py @tsvi
homeassistant/components/sensor/launch_library.py @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/sensor/linux_battery.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/miflora.py @danielhiversen @ChristianKuehnel
homeassistant/components/sensor/min_max.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/moon.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/netdata.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/nsw_fuel_station.py @nickw444
homeassistant/components/sensor/pi_hole.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/pollen.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/sensor/pvoutput.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/qnap.py @colinodell
homeassistant/components/sensor/ruter.py @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/sensor/scrape.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/serial.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/seventeentrack.py @bachya
homeassistant/components/sensor/shodan.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/sma.py @kellerza
homeassistant/components/sensor/sql.py @dgomes
homeassistant/components/sensor/statistics.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/swiss*.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/sytadin.py @gautric
homeassistant/components/sensor/tautulli.py @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/sensor/time_data.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/version.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/sensor/waqi.py @andrey-git
homeassistant/components/sensor/worldclock.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/shiftr/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/spaceapi/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/switch/switchbot.py @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/switch/switchmate.py @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/switch/tplink.py @rytilahti
homeassistant/components/vacuum/roomba.py @pschmitt
homeassistant/components/weather/__init__.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/weather/darksky.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/weather/demo.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/weather/met.py @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/weather/openweathermap.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/xiaomi_aqara/* @danielhiversen @syssi

# A
homeassistant/components/ambient_station/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/arduino/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/*/arduino.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/*/arest.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/*/axis.py @kane610

# B
homeassistant/components/blink/* @fronzbot
homeassistant/components/*/blink.py @fronzbot
homeassistant/components/bmw_connected_drive/* @ChristianKuehnel
homeassistant/components/*/bmw_connected_drive.py @ChristianKuehnel
homeassistant/components/*/broadlink.py @danielhiversen

# C
homeassistant/components/cloudflare/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/counter/* @fabaff

# D
homeassistant/components/daikin/* @fredrike @rofrantz
homeassistant/components/*/daikin.py @fredrike @rofrantz
homeassistant/components/*/deconz.py @kane610
homeassistant/components/digital_ocean/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/*/digital_ocean.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/dweet/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/*/dweet.py @fabaff

# E
homeassistant/components/ecovacs/* @OverloadUT
homeassistant/components/*/ecovacs.py @OverloadUT
homeassistant/components/*/edp_redy.py @abmantis
homeassistant/components/edp_redy/* @abmantis
homeassistant/components/eight_sleep/* @mezz64
homeassistant/components/*/eight_sleep.py @mezz64
homeassistant/components/esphome/*.py @OttoWinter

# G
homeassistant/components/googlehome/* @ludeeus
homeassistant/components/*/googlehome.py @ludeeus

# H
homeassistant/components/hive/* @Rendili @KJonline
homeassistant/components/*/hive.py @Rendili @KJonline
homeassistant/components/homekit/* @cdce8p
homeassistant/components/huawei_lte/* @scop
homeassistant/components/*/huawei_lte.py @scop

# I
homeassistant/components/ipma/* @dgomes

# K
homeassistant/components/knx/* @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/*/knx.py @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/konnected/* @heythisisnate
homeassistant/components/*/konnected.py @heythisisnate

# L
homeassistant/components/lifx/* @amelchio
homeassistant/components/*/lifx.py @amelchio
homeassistant/components/luftdaten/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/*/luftdaten.py @fabaff

# M
homeassistant/components/matrix/* @tinloaf
homeassistant/components/*/matrix.py @tinloaf
homeassistant/components/melissa/* @kennedyshead
homeassistant/components/*/melissa.py @kennedyshead
homeassistant/components/*/mystrom.py @fabaff

# N
homeassistant/components/ness_alarm/* @nickw444
homeassistant/components/*/ness_alarm.py @nickw444

# O
homeassistant/components/openuv/* @bachya

# P
homeassistant/components/point/* @fredrike
homeassistant/components/*/point.py @fredrike

# Q
homeassistant/components/qwikswitch/* @kellerza
homeassistant/components/*/qwikswitch.py @kellerza

# R
homeassistant/components/rainmachine/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/*/random.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/*/rfxtrx.py @danielhiversen

# S
homeassistant/components/simplisafe/* @bachya
homeassistant/components/smartthings/* @andrewsayre
homeassistant/components/spider/* @peternijssen

# T
homeassistant/components/tahoma/* @philklei
homeassistant/components/*/tahoma.py @philklei
homeassistant/components/tellduslive/*.py @fredrike
homeassistant/components/*/tellduslive.py @fredrike
homeassistant/components/tesla/* @zabuldon
homeassistant/components/*/tesla.py @zabuldon
homeassistant/components/thethingsnetwork/* @fabaff
homeassistant/components/*/thethingsnetwork.py @fabaff
homeassistant/components/tibber/* @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/*/tibber.py @danielhiversen
homeassistant/components/tradfri/* @ggravlingen
homeassistant/components/*/tradfri.py @ggravlingen

# U
homeassistant/components/unifi/* @kane610
homeassistant/components/switch/unifi.py @kane610
homeassistant/components/upcloud/* @scop
homeassistant/components/*/upcloud.py @scop

# V
homeassistant/components/velux/* @Julius2342
homeassistant/components/*/velux.py @Julius2342

# W
homeassistant/components/wemo/* @sqldiablo
homeassistant/components/*/wemo.py @sqldiablo

# X
homeassistant/components/*/xiaomi_aqara.py @danielhiversen @syssi
homeassistant/components/*/xiaomi_miio.py @rytilahti @syssi

# Z
homeassistant/components/zoneminder/* @rohankapoorcom

# Other code
homeassistant/scripts/check_config.py @kellerza
